{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31506\deflang3082\deflangfe3082\themelang3082\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f40\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Tahoma;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f441\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f442\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f444\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f445\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f446\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f447\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}
{\f448\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f449\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f450\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\chyperlink\ctint255\cshade255\red5\green99\blue193;\caccentfour\ctint255\cshade191\red191\green143\blue0;}{\*\defchp 
\f31506\fs22\lang3082\langfe1033\langfenp1033 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang3082\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp1033 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31506\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang3082\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp1033 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \ul\cf17 \sbasedon10 \sunhideused \styrsid2239723 Hyperlink;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid811925\rsid2239723\rsid9528070\rsid9580546\rsid9916051\rsid10427118\rsid15422317}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1
\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\author Darwin Rodrigo Toledo C\'e1ceres}{\operator Darwin Rodrigo Toledo C\'e1ceres}{\creatim\yr2016\mo7\dy28\hr19\min34}{\revtim\yr2016\mo9\dy13\hr21\min47}{\version6}{\edmins7}
{\nofpages18}{\nofwords7492}{\nofchars41208}{\nofcharsws48603}{\vern89}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw11906\paperh16838\margl1701\margr1701\margt1417\margb1417\gutter0\ltrsect 
\deftab708\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont1\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0
\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1417\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale140\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot811925\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit\usenormstyforlist\noindnmbrts\felnbrelev\nocxsptable\indrlsweleven\noafcnsttbl\afelev\utinl\hwelev\spltpgpar\notcvasp\notbrkcnstfrctbl\notvatxbx\krnprsnet\cachedcolbal \nouicompat \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\headery708\footery708\colsx708\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9916051 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f31506\fs22\lang3082\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp3082\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs28\cf18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9916051\charrsid9528070 .::. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs28\cf18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid15422317\charrsid9528070 AUMBI }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 
\ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs28\cf18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid10427118\charrsid9528070 .::.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs28\cf18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid15422317\charrsid9528070  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\f40\fs28\cf18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid10427118\charrsid9528070 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs20\cf18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid10427118\charrsid15422317 .::. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs20\cf18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9916051\charrsid15422317 ABSOLUTE USB 
}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs20\cf18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid15422317 MULTIBOOT }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs20\cf18\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9916051\charrsid15422317 INSTALLER .::.
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9916051 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f40\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9916051\charrsid9916051 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2239723 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid2239723\charrsid2239723 AUMBI (Absolute USB MultiBoot Installer) \'a9
Copyleft 2016 Darwin Toledo "http://www.usbwithlinux.com/"
\par This Open Source tool is covered under GNU General Public License Version 2
\par Source Code is made available at time of download from the official }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid2239723 AUMBI}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f40\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid2239723\charrsid2239723  page:
\par http://www.usbwithlinux.com/p/download.html}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid2239723 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid2239723\charrsid2239723 
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par YUMI (Your Universal Multiboot Installer) \'a92011-2016 Lance www.pendrivelinux.com
\par This Open Source tool is covered under GNU General Public License Version 2
\par Source Code is made available at time of download from the official YUMI page:
\par http://www.pendrivelinux.com/yumi-multiboot-usb-creator/
\par 
\par IMPORTANT! ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY IS BEING OFFERED WITH THIS TOOL:
\par 
\par This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
\par but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\par MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  
\par 
\par THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM
\par IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF
\par ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
\par 
\par By Proceeding to use this tool, you agree not to hold it's author accountable 
\par for any damages that could potentially arise from it's use or misuse.
\par 
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par Third Party Unmodified Tools Used:
\par 
\par Built using NSIS Installer \'a9 Contributors http://nsis.sourceforge.net
\par 
\par Syslinux \'a9 H. Peter Anvin http://syslinux.zytor.com 
\par GRUB4DOS \'a9 the Gna! people + Chenall https://code.google.com/p/grub4dos-chenall/
\par 7-Zip is \'a9 Igor Pavlovis www.7-zip.org  
\par Fat32format.exe \'a9 Tom Thornhill Ridgecorp Consultants http://www.ridgecrop.demon.co.uk
\par Firadisk.img \'a9 Panot Joonkhiaw Karyonix http://reboot.pro/8804/
\par 
\par YUMI, Grub, Fat32format, Syslinux covered under GNU GPL version 2
\par 7-zip is covered under an LGPL + AES License - see the License following GNU GPL 2
\par Firadisk is covered under GNU GPL version 3
\par 
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\par \tab \tab        Version 2, June 1991
\par 
\par  Copyright (C) 1989, 1991 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
\par                        59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
\par  Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
\par  of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab     Preamble
\par 
\par   The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
\par freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public
\par License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free
\par software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.  This
\par General Public License applies to most of the Free Software
\par Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to
\par using it.  (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by
\par the GNU Library General Public License instead.)  You can apply it to
\par your programs, too.
\par 
\par   When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
\par price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
\par have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
\par this service if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it
\par if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it
\par in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.
\par 
\par   To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
\par anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.
\par These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you
\par distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.
\par 
\par   For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether
\par gratis or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that
\par you have.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the
\par source code.  And you must show them these terms so they know their
\par rights.
\par 
\par   We protect your rights with two steps: (1) copyright the software, and
\par (2) offer you this license which gives you legal permission to copy,
\par distribute and/or modify the software.
\par 
\par   Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make certain
\par that everyone understands that there is no warranty for this free
\par software.  If the software is modified by someone else and passed on, we
\par want its recipients to know that what they have is not the original, so
\par that any problems introduced by others will not reflect on the original
\par authors' reputations.
\par 
\par   Finally, any free program is threatened constantly by software
\par patents.  We wish to avoid the danger that redistributors of a free
\par program will individually obtain patent licenses, in effect making the
\par program proprietary.  To prevent this, we have made it clear that any
\par patent must be licensed for everyone's free use or not licensed at all.
\par 
\par   The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
\par modification follow.
\par \page 
\par \tab \tab     GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\par    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
\par 
\par   0. This License applies to any program or other work which contains
\par a notice placed by the copyright holder saying it may be distributed
\par under the terms of this General Public License.  The "Program", below,
\par refers to any such program or work, and a "work based on the Program"
\par means either the Program or any derivative work under copyright law:
\par that is to say, a work containing the Program or a portion of it,
\par either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated into another
\par language.  (Hereinafter, translation is included without limitation in
\par the term "modification".)  Each licensee is addressed as "you".
\par 
\par Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
\par covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of
\par running the Program is not restricted, and the output from the Program
\par is covered only if its contents constitute a work based on the
\par Program (independent of having been made by running the Program).
\par Whether that is true depends on what the Program does.
\par 
\par   1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Program's
\par source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you
\par conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate
\par copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the
\par notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any warranty;
\par and give any other recipients of the Program a copy of this License
\par along with the Program.
\par 
\par You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy, and
\par you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a fee.
\par 
\par   2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Program or any portion
\par of it, thus forming a work based on the Program, and copy and
\par distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1
\par above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:
\par 
\par     a) You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices
\par     stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.
\par 
\par     b) You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in
\par     whole or in part contains or is derived from the Program or any
\par     part thereof, to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third
\par     parties under the terms of this License.
\par 
\par     c) If the modified program normally reads commands interactively
\par     when run, you must cause it, when started running for such
\par     interactive use in the most ordinary way, to print or display an
\par     announcement including an appropriate copyright notice and a
\par     notice that there is no warranty (or else, saying that you provide
\par     a warranty) and that users may redistribute the program under
\par     these conditions, and telling the user how to view a copy of this
\par     License.  (Exception: if the Program itself is interactive but
\par     does not normally print such an announcement, your work based on
\par     the Program is not required to print an announcement.)
\par \page 
\par These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
\par identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Program,
\par and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
\par themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
\par sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you
\par distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
\par on the Program, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
\par this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
\par entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote it.
\par 
\par Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
\par your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to
\par exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
\par collective works based on the Program.
\par 
\par In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Program
\par with the Program (or with a work based on the Program) on a volume of
\par a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
\par the scope of this License.
\par 
\par   3. You may copy and distribute the Program (or a work based on it,
\par under Section 2) in object code or executable form under the terms of
\par Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the following:
\par 
\par     a) Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable
\par     source code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections
\par     1 and 2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,
\par 
\par     b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three
\par     years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your
\par     cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete
\par     machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be
\par     distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium
\par     customarily used for software interchange; or,
\par 
\par     c) Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer
\par     to distribute corresponding source code.  (This alternative is
\par     allowed only for noncommercial distribution and only if you
\par     received the program in object code or executable form with such
\par     an offer, in accord with Subsection b above.)
\par 
\par The source code for a work means the preferred form of the work for
\par making modifications to it.  For an executable work, complete source
\par code means all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any
\par associated interface definition files, plus the scripts used to
\par control compilation and installation of the executable.  However, as a
\par special exception, the source code distributed need not include
\par anything that is normally distributed (in either source or binary
\par form) with the major components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the
\par operating system on which the executable runs, unless that component
\par itself accompanies the executable.
\par 
\par If distribution of executable or object code is made by offering
\par access to copy from a designated place, then offering equivalent
\par access to copy the source code from the same place counts as
\par distribution of the source code, even though third parties are not
\par compelled to copy the source along with the object code.
\par \page 
\par   4. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program
\par except as expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt
\par otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is
\par void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License.
\par However, parties who have received copies, or rights, from you under
\par this License will not have their licenses terminated so long as such
\par parties remain in full compliance.
\par 
\par   5. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
\par signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
\par distribute the Program or its derivative works.  These actions are
\par prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by
\par modifying or distributing the Program (or any work based on the
\par Program), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
\par all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
\par the Program or works based on it.
\par 
\par   6. Each time you redistribute the Program (or any work based on the
\par Program), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
\par original licensor to copy, distribute or modify the Program subject to
\par these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
\par restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
\par You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties to
\par this License.
\par 
\par   7. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
\par infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
\par conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
\par otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
\par excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot
\par distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
\par License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
\par may not distribute the Program at all.  For example, if a patent
\par license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Program by
\par all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then
\par the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
\par refrain entirely from distribution of the Program.
\par 
\par If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under
\par any particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to
\par apply and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other
\par circumstances.
\par 
\par It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
\par patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
\par such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
\par integrity of the free software distribution system, which is
\par implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made
\par generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
\par through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
\par system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
\par to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
\par impose that choice.
\par 
\par This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
\par be a consequence of the rest of this License.
\par \page 
\par   8. If the distribution and/or use of the Program is restricted in
\par certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
\par original copyright holder who places the Program under this License
\par may add an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding
\par those countries, so that distribution is permitted only in or among
\par countries not thus excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates
\par the limitation as if written in the body of this License.
\par 
\par   9. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new versions
\par of the General Public License from time to time.  Such new versions will
\par be similar in spirit to the present version, but may differ in detail to
\par address new problems or concerns.
\par 
\par Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Program
\par specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and "any
\par later version", you have the option of following the terms and conditions
\par either of that version or of any later version published by the Free
\par Software Foundation.  If the Program does not specify a version number of
\par this License, you may choose any version ever published by the Free Software
\par Foundation.
\par 
\par   10. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Program into other free
\par programs whose distribution conditions are different, write to the author
\par to ask for permission.  For software which is copyrighted by the Free
\par Software Foundation, write to the Free Software Foundation; we sometimes
\par make exceptions for this.  Our decision will be guided by the two goals
\par of preserving the free status of all derivatives of our free software and
\par of promoting the sharing and reuse of software generally.
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab     NO WARRANTY
\par 
\par   11. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
\par FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT WHEN
\par OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
\par PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED
\par OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
\par MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS
\par TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE
\par PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,
\par REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
\par 
\par   12. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
\par WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
\par REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
\par INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
\par OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
\par TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY
\par YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER
\par PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
\par POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\par 
\par \tab \tab      END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
\par \page 
\par \tab     How to Apply These Terms to Your New Programs
\par 
\par   If you develop a new program, and you want it to be of the greatest
\par possible use to the public, the best way to achieve this is to make it
\par free software which everyone can redistribute and change under these terms.
\par 
\par   To do so, attach the following notices to the program.  It is safest
\par to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively
\par convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least
\par the "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.
\par 
\par     <one line to give the program's name and a brief idea of what it does.>
\par     Copyright (C) 19yy  <name of author>
\par 
\par     This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
\par     it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
\par     the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
\par     (at your option) any later version.
\par 
\par     This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
\par     but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\par     MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
\par     GNU General Public License for more details.
\par 
\par     You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
\par     along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
\par     Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
\par 
\par 
\par Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.
\par 
\par If the program is interactive, make it output a short notice like this
\par when it starts in an interactive mode:
\par 
\par     Gnomovision version 69, Copyright (C) 19yy name of author
\par     Gnomovision comes with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; for details type `show w'.
\par     This is free software, and you are welcome to redistribute it
\par     under certain conditions; type `show c' for details.
\par 
\par The hypothetical commands `show w' and `show c' should show the appropriate
\par parts of the General Public License.  Of course, the commands you use may
\par be called something other than `show w' and `show c'; they could even be
\par mouse-clicks or menu items--whatever suits your program.
\par 
\par You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your
\par school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the program, if
\par necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:
\par 
\par   Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the program
\par   `Gnomovision' (which makes passes at compilers) written by James Hacker.
\par 
\par   <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1989
\par   Ty Coon, President of Vice
\par 
\par This General Public License does not permit incorporating your program into
\par proprietary programs.  If your program is a subroutine library, you may
\par consider it more useful to permit linking proprietary applications with the
\par library.  If this is what you want to do, use the GNU Library General
\par Public License instead of this License.
\par 
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par   7-Zip
\par   ~~~~~
\par   License for use and distribution
\par   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
\par 
\par   7-Zip Copyright (C) 1999-2010 Igor Pavlov.
\par 
\par   Licenses for files are:
\par 
\par     1) 7z.dll: GNU LGPL + unRAR restriction
\par     2) All other files:  GNU LGPL
\par 
\par   The GNU LGPL + unRAR restriction means that you must follow both 
\par   GNU LGPL rules and unRAR restriction rules.
\par 
\par 
\par   Note: 
\par     You can use 7-Zip on any computer, including a computer in a commercial 
\par     organization. You don't need to register or pay for 7-Zip.
\par 
\par 
\par   GNU LGPL information
\par   --------------------
\par 
\par     This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
\par     modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
\par     License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
\par     version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
\par 
\par     This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
\par     but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\par     MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
\par     Lesser General Public License for more details.
\par 
\par     You can receive a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License from 
\par     http://www.gnu.org/
\par 
\par 
\par   unRAR restriction
\par   -----------------
\par 
\par     The decompression engine for RAR archives was developed using source 
\par     code of unRAR program.
\par     All copyrights to original unRAR code are owned by Alexander Roshal.
\par 
\par     The license for original unRAR code has the following restriction:
\par 
\par       The unRAR sources cannot be used to re-create the RAR compression algorithm, 
\par       which is proprietary. Distribution of modified unRAR sources in separate form 
\par       or as a part of other software is permitted, provided that it is clearly
\par       stated in the documentation and source comments that the code may
\par       not be used to develop a RAR (WinRAR) compatible archiver.
\par 
\par 
\par   --
\par   Igor Pavlov
\par 
\par -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par \tab \tab 
\par      GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\par            Version 2.1, February 1999
\par 
\par  Copyright (C) 1991, 1999 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
\par      59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
\par  Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
\par  of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
\par 
\par [This is the first released version of the Lesser GPL.  It also counts
\par  as the successor of the GNU Library Public License, version 2, hence
\par  the version number 2.1.]
\par 
\par           Preamble
\par 
\par   The licenses for most software are designed to take away your
\par freedom to share and change it.  By contrast, the GNU General Public
\par Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change
\par free software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.
\par 
\par   This license, the Lesser General Public License, applies to some
\par specially designated software packages--typically libraries--of the
\par Free Software Foundation and other authors who decide to use it.  You
\par can use it too, but we suggest you first think carefully about whether
\par this license or the ordinary General Public License is the better
\par strategy to use in any particular case, based on the explanations below.
\par 
\par   When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom of use,
\par not price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that
\par you have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge
\par for this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get
\par it if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of
\par it in new free programs; and that you are informed that you can do
\par these things.
\par 
\par   To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
\par distributors to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender these
\par rights.  These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for
\par you if you distribute copies of the library or if you modify it.
\par 
\par   For example, if you distribute copies of the library, whether gratis
\par or for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that we gave
\par you.  You must make sure that they, too, receive or can get the source
\par code.  If you link other code with the library, you must provide
\par complete object files to the recipients, so that they can relink them
\par with the library after making changes to the library and recompiling
\par it.  And you must show them these terms so they know their rights.
\par 
\par   We protect your rights with a two-step method: (1) we copyright the
\par library, and (2) we offer you this license, which gives you legal
\par permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the library.
\par 
\par   To protect each distributor, we want to make it very clear that
\par there is no warranty for the free library.  Also, if the library is
\par modified by someone else and passed on, the recipients should know
\par that what they have is not the original version, so that the original
\par author's reputation will not be affected by problems that might be
\par introduced by others.
\par \page 
\par   Finally, software patents pose a constant threat to the existence of
\par any free program.  We wish to make sure that a company cannot
\par effectively restrict the users of a free program by obtaining a
\par restrictive license from a patent holder.  Therefore, we insist that
\par any patent license obtained for a version of the library must be
\par consistent with the full freedom of use specified in this license.
\par 
\par   Most GNU software, including some libraries, is covered by the
\par ordinary GNU General Public License.  This license, the GNU Lesser
\par General Public License, applies to certain designated libraries, and
\par is quite different from the ordinary General Public License.  We use
\par this license for certain libraries in order to permit linking those
\par libraries into non-free programs.
\par 
\par   When a program is linked with a library, whether statically or using
\par a shared library, the combination of the two is legally speaking a
\par combined work, a derivative of the original library.  The ordinary
\par General Public License therefore permits such linking only if the
\par entire combination fits its criteria of freedom.  The Lesser General
\par Public License permits more lax criteria for linking other code with
\par the library.
\par 
\par   We call this license the "Lesser" General Public License because it
\par does Less to protect the user's freedom than the ordinary General
\par Public License.  It also provides other free software developers Less
\par of an advantage over competing non-free programs.  These disadvantages
\par are the reason we use the ordinary General Public License for many
\par libraries.  However, the Lesser license provides advantages in certain
\par special circumstances.
\par 
\par   For example, on rare occasions, there may be a special need to
\par encourage the widest possible use of a certain library, so that it becomes
\par a de-facto standard.  To achieve this, non-free programs must be
\par allowed to use the library.  A more frequent case is that a free
\par library does the same job as widely used non-free libraries.  In this
\par case, there is little to gain by limiting the free library to free
\par software only, so we use the Lesser General Public License.
\par 
\par   In other cases, permission to use a particular library in non-free
\par programs enables a greater number of people to use a large body of
\par free software.  For example, permission to use the GNU C Library in
\par non-free programs enables many more people to use the whole GNU
\par operating system, as well as its variant, the GNU/Linux operating
\par system.
\par 
\par   Although the Lesser General Public License is Less protective of the
\par users' freedom, it does ensure that the user of a program that is
\par linked with the Library has the freedom and the wherewithal to run
\par that program using a modified version of the Library.
\par 
\par   The precise terms and conditions for copying, distribution and
\par modification follow.  Pay close attention to the difference between a
\par "work based on the library" and a "work that uses the library".  The
\par former contains code derived from the library, whereas the latter must
\par be combined with the library in order to run.
\par \page 
\par       GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
\par    TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
\par 
\par   0. This License Agreement applies to any software library or other
\par program which contains a notice placed by the copyright holder or
\par other authorized party saying it may be distributed under the terms of
\par this Lesser General Public License (also called "this License").
\par Each licensee is addressed as "you".
\par 
\par   A "library" means a collection of software functions and/or data
\par prepared so as to be conveniently linked with application programs
\par (which use some of those functions and data) to form executables.
\par 
\par   The "Library", below, refers to any such software library or work
\par which has been distributed under these terms.  A "work based on the
\par Library" means either the Library or any derivative work under
\par copyright law: that is to say, a work containing the Library or a
\par portion of it, either verbatim or with modifications and/or translated
\par straightforwardly into another language.  (Hereinafter, translation is
\par included without limitation in the term "modification".)
\par 
\par   "Source code" for a work means the preferred form of the work for
\par making modifications to it.  For a library, complete source code means
\par all the source code for all modules it contains, plus any associated
\par interface definition files, plus the scripts used to control compilation
\par and installation of the library.
\par 
\par   Activities other than copying, distribution and modification are not
\par covered by this License; they are outside its scope.  The act of
\par running a program using the Library is not restricted, and output from
\par such a program is covered only if its contents constitute a work based
\par on the Library (independent of the use of the Library in a tool for
\par writing it).  Whether that is true depends on what the Library does
\par and what the program that uses the Library does.
\par   
\par   1. You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Library's
\par complete source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that
\par you conspicuously and appropriately publish on each copy an
\par appropriate copyright notice and disclaimer of warranty; keep intact
\par all the notices that refer to this License and to the absence of any
\par warranty; and distribute a copy of this License along with the
\par Library.
\par 
\par   You may charge a fee for the physical act of transferring a copy,
\par and you may at your option offer warranty protection in exchange for a
\par fee.
\par \page 
\par   2. You may modify your copy or copies of the Library or any portion
\par of it, thus forming a work based on the Library, and copy and
\par distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1
\par above, provided that you also meet all of these conditions:
\par 
\par     a) The modified work must itself be a software library.
\par 
\par     b) You must cause the files modified to carry prominent notices
\par     stating that you changed the files and the date of any change.
\par 
\par     c) You must cause the whole of the work to be licensed at no
\par     charge to all third parties under the terms of this License.
\par 
\par     d) If a facility in the modified Library refers to a function or a
\par     table of data to be supplied by an application program that uses
\par     the facility, other than as an argument passed when the facility
\par     is invoked, then you must make a good faith effort to ensure that,
\par     in the event an application does not supply such function or
\par     table, the facility still operates, and performs whatever part of
\par     its purpose remains meaningful.
\par 
\par     (For example, a function in a library to compute square roots has
\par     a purpose that is entirely well-defined independent of the
\par     application.  Therefore, Subsection 2d requires that any
\par     application-supplied function or table used by this function must
\par     be optional: if the application does not supply it, the square
\par     root function must still compute square roots.)
\par 
\par These requirements apply to the modified work as a whole.  If
\par identifiable sections of that work are not derived from the Library,
\par and can be reasonably considered independent and separate works in
\par themselves, then this License, and its terms, do not apply to those
\par sections when you distribute them as separate works.  But when you
\par distribute the same sections as part of a whole which is a work based
\par on the Library, the distribution of the whole must be on the terms of
\par this License, whose permissions for other licensees extend to the
\par entire whole, and thus to each and every part regardless of who wrote
\par it.
\par 
\par Thus, it is not the intent of this section to claim rights or contest
\par your rights to work written entirely by you; rather, the intent is to
\par exercise the right to control the distribution of derivative or
\par collective works based on the Library.
\par 
\par In addition, mere aggregation of another work not based on the Library
\par with the Library (or with a work based on the Library) on a volume of
\par a storage or distribution medium does not bring the other work under
\par the scope of this License.
\par 
\par   3. You may opt to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU General Public
\par License instead of this License to a given copy of the Library.  To do
\par this, you must alter all the notices that refer to this License, so
\par that they refer to the ordinary GNU General Public License, version 2,
\par instead of to this License.  (If a newer version than version 2 of the
\par ordinary GNU General Public License has appeared, then you can specify
\par that version instead if you wish.)  Do not make any other change in
\par these notices.
\par \page 
\par   Once this change is made in a given copy, it is irreversible for
\par that copy, so the ordinary GNU General Public License applies to all
\par subsequent copies and derivative works made from that copy.
\par 
\par   This option is useful when you wish to copy part of the code of
\par the Library into a program that is not a library.
\par 
\par   4. You may copy and distribute the Library (or a portion or
\par derivative of it, under Section 2) in object code or executable form
\par under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you accompany
\par it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source code, which
\par must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a
\par medium customarily used for software interchange.
\par 
\par   If distribution of object code is made by offering access to copy
\par from a designated place, then offering equivalent access to copy the
\par source code from the same place satisfies the requirement to
\par distribute the source code, even though third parties are not
\par compelled to copy the source along with the object code.
\par 
\par   5. A program that contains no derivative of any portion of the
\par Library, but is designed to work with the Library by being compiled or
\par linked with it, is called a "work that uses the Library".  Such a
\par work, in isolation, is not a derivative work of the Library, and
\par therefore falls outside the scope of this License.
\par 
\par   However, linking a "work that uses the Library" with the Library
\par creates an executable that is a derivative of the Library (because it
\par contains portions of the Library), rather than a "work that uses the
\par library".  The executable is therefore covered by this License.
\par Section 6 states terms for distribution of such executables.
\par 
\par   When a "work that uses the Library" uses material from a header file
\par that is part of the Library, the object code for the work may be a
\par derivative work of the Library even though the source code is not.
\par Whether this is true is especially significant if the work can be
\par linked without the Library, or if the work is itself a library.  The
\par threshold for this to be true is not precisely defined by law.
\par 
\par   If such an object file uses only numerical parameters, data
\par structure layouts and accessors, and small macros and small inline
\par functions (ten lines or less in length), then the use of the object
\par file is unrestricted, regardless of whether it is legally a derivative
\par work.  (Executables containing this object code plus portions of the
\par Library will still fall under Section 6.)
\par 
\par   Otherwise, if the work is a derivative of the Library, you may
\par distribute the object code for the work under the terms of Section 6.
\par Any executables containing that work also fall under Section 6,
\par whether or not they are linked directly with the Library itself.
\par \page 
\par   6. As an exception to the Sections above, you may also combine or
\par link a "work that uses the Library" with the Library to produce a
\par work containing portions of the Library, and distribute that work
\par under terms of your choice, provided that the terms permit
\par modification of the work for the customer's own use and reverse
\par engineering for debugging such modifications.
\par 
\par   You must give prominent notice with each copy of the work that the
\par Library is used in it and that the Library and its use are covered by
\par this License.  You must supply a copy of this License.  If the work
\par during execution displays copyright notices, you must include the
\par copyright notice for the Library among them, as well as a reference
\par directing the user to the copy of this License.  Also, you must do one
\par of these things:
\par 
\par     a) Accompany the work with the complete corresponding
\par     machine-readable source code for the Library including whatever
\par     changes were used in the work (which must be distributed under
\par     Sections 1 and 2 above); and, if the work is an executable linked
\par     with the Library, with the complete machine-readable "work that
\par     uses the Library", as object code and/or source code, so that the
\par     user can modify the Library and then relink to produce a modified
\par     executable containing the modified Library.  (It is understood
\par     that the user who changes the contents of definitions files in the
\par     Library will not necessarily be able to recompile the application
\par     to use the modified definitions.)
\par 
\par     b) Use a suitable shared library mechanism for linking with the
\par     Library.  A suitable mechanism is one that (1) uses at run time a
\par     copy of the library already present on the user's computer system,
\par     rather than copying library functions into the executable, and (2)
\par     will operate properly with a modified version of the library, if
\par     the user installs one, as long as the modified version is
\par     interface-compatible with the version that the work was made with.
\par 
\par     c) Accompany the work with a written offer, valid for at
\par     least three years, to give the same user the materials
\par     specified in Subsection 6a, above, for a charge no more
\par     than the cost of performing this distribution.
\par 
\par     d) If distribution of the work is made by offering access to copy
\par     from a designated place, offer equivalent access to copy the above
\par     specified materials from the same place.
\par 
\par     e) Verify that the user has already received a copy of these
\par     materials or that you have already sent this user a copy.
\par 
\par   For an executable, the required form of the "work that uses the
\par Library" must include any data and utility programs needed for
\par reproducing the executable from it.  However, as a special exception,
\par the materials to be distributed need not include anything that is
\par normally distributed (in either source or binary form) with the major
\par components (compiler, kernel, and so on) of the operating system on
\par which the executable runs, unless that component itself accompanies
\par the executable.
\par 
\par   It may happen that this requirement contradicts the license
\par restrictions of other proprietary libraries that do not normally
\par accompany the operating system.  Such a contradiction means you cannot
\par use both them and the Library together in an executable that you
\par distribute.
\par \page 
\par   7. You may place library facilities that are a work based on the
\par Library side-by-side in a single library together with other library
\par facilities not covered by this License, and distribute such a combined
\par library, provided that the separate distribution of the work based on
\par the Library and of the other library facilities is otherwise
\par permitted, and provided that you do these two things:
\par 
\par     a) Accompany the combined library with a copy of the same work
\par     based on the Library, uncombined with any other library
\par     facilities.  This must be distributed under the terms of the
\par     Sections above.
\par 
\par     b) Give prominent notice with the combined library of the fact
\par     that part of it is a work based on the Library, and explaining
\par     where to find the accompanying uncombined form of the same work.
\par 
\par   8. You may not copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or distribute
\par the Library except as expressly provided under this License.  Any
\par attempt otherwise to copy, modify, sublicense, link with, or
\par distribute the Library is void, and will automatically terminate your
\par rights under this License.  However, parties who have received copies,
\par or rights, from you under this License will not have their licenses
\par terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.
\par 
\par   9. You are not required to accept this License, since you have not
\par signed it.  However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or
\par distribute the Library or its derivative works.  These actions are
\par prohibited by law if you do not accept this License.  Therefore, by
\par modifying or distributing the Library (or any work based on the
\par Library), you indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and
\par all its terms and conditions for copying, distributing or modifying
\par the Library or works based on it.
\par 
\par   10. Each time you redistribute the Library (or any work based on the
\par Library), the recipient automatically receives a license from the
\par original licensor to copy, distribute, link with or modify the Library
\par subject to these terms and conditions.  You may not impose any further
\par restrictions on the recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein.
\par You are not responsible for enforcing compliance by third parties with
\par this License.
\par \page 
\par   11. If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
\par infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
\par conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or
\par otherwise) that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not
\par excuse you from the conditions of this License.  If you cannot
\par distribute so as to satisfy simultaneously your obligations under this
\par License and any other pertinent obligations, then as a consequence you
\par may not distribute the Library at all.  For example, if a patent
\par license would not permit royalty-free redistribution of the Library by
\par all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through you, then
\par the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
\par refrain entirely from distribution of the Library.
\par 
\par If any portion of this section is held invalid or unenforceable under any
\par particular circumstance, the balance of the section is intended to apply,
\par and the section as a whole is intended to apply in other circumstances.
\par 
\par It is not the purpose of this section to induce you to infringe any
\par patents or other property right claims or to contest validity of any
\par such claims; this section has the sole purpose of protecting the
\par integrity of the free software distribution system which is
\par implemented by public license practices.  Many people have made
\par generous contributions to the wide range of software distributed
\par through that system in reliance on consistent application of that
\par system; it is up to the author/donor to decide if he or she is willing
\par to distribute software through any other system and a licensee cannot
\par impose that choice.
\par 
\par This section is intended to make thoroughly clear what is believed to
\par be a consequence of the rest of this License.
\par 
\par   12. If the distribution and/or use of the Library is restricted in
\par certain countries either by patents or by copyrighted interfaces, the
\par original copyright holder who places the Library under this License may add
\par an explicit geographical distribution limitation excluding those countries,
\par so that distribution is permitted only in or among countries not thus
\par excluded.  In such case, this License incorporates the limitation as if
\par written in the body of this License.
\par 
\par   13. The Free Software Foundation may publish revised and/or new
\par versions of the Lesser General Public License from time to time.
\par Such new versions will be similar in spirit to the present version,
\par but may differ in detail to address new problems or concerns.
\par 
\par Each version is given a distinguishing version number.  If the Library
\par specifies a version number of this License which applies to it and
\par "any later version", you have the option of following the terms and
\par conditions either of that version or of any later version published by
\par the Free Software Foundation.  If the Library does not specify a
\par license version number, you may choose any version ever published by
\par the Free Software Foundation.
\par \page 
\par   14. If you wish to incorporate parts of the Library into other free
\par programs whose distribution conditions are incompatible with these,
\par write to the author to ask for permission.  For software which is
\par copyrighted by the Free Software Foundation, write to the Free
\par Software Foundation; we sometimes make exceptions for this.  Our
\par decision will be guided by the two goals of preserving the free status
\par of all derivatives of our free software and of promoting the sharing
\par and reuse of software generally.
\par 
\par           NO WARRANTY
\par 
\par   15. BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO
\par WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
\par EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR
\par OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
\par KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
\par IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
\par PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
\par LIBRARY IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
\par THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
\par 
\par   16. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN
\par WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY
\par AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU
\par FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
\par CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
\par LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING
\par RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A
\par FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF
\par SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
\par DAMAGES.
\par 
\par          END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
\par \page 
\par            How to Apply These Terms to Your New Libraries
\par 
\par   If you develop a new library, and you want it to be of the greatest
\par possible use to the public, we recommend making it free software that
\par everyone can redistribute and change.  You can do so by permitting
\par redistribution under these terms (or, alternatively, under the terms of the
\par ordinary General Public License).
\par 
\par   To apply these terms, attach the following notices to the library.  It is
\par safest to attach them to the start of each source file to most effectively
\par convey the exclusion of warranty; and each file should have at least the
\par "copyright" line and a pointer to where the full notice is found.
\par 
\par     <one line to give the library's name and a brief idea of what it does.>
\par     Copyright (C) <year>  <name of author>
\par 
\par     This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
\par     modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
\par     License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
\par     version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
\par 
\par     This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
\par     but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
\par     MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
\par     Lesser General Public License for more details.
\par 
\par     You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
\par     License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
\par     Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307  USA
\par 
\par Also add information on how to contact you by electronic and paper mail.
\par 
\par You should also get your employer (if you work as a programmer) or your
\par school, if any, to sign a "copyright disclaimer" for the library, if
\par necessary.  Here is a sample; alter the names:
\par 
\par   Yoyodyne, Inc., hereby disclaims all copyright interest in the
\par   library `Frob' (a library for tweaking knobs) written by James Random Hacker.
\par 
\par   <signature of Ty Coon>, 1 April 1990
\par   Ty Coon, President of Vice
\par 
\par That's all there is to it!\tab \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af40\afs16 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\insrsid9580546\charrsid9916051 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100d6d8be34da060000911a0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cf8b1b3714be17fa3f0c7377fc6bc63f9678833db6b36d7693103b29396a6dd9a3ac666446f26e4c0894e4d44ba190961e1ae8ad
87521a68a0a197fe310b1bdaf48fe893663c966c399b5d5208256b586634df7bfaf49ef43dcde8eab58711758e71c2098b5b6ef94ac975703c6263124f5beedd
61bfd0701d2e503c4694c5b8e52e3077afed7efac955b423421c6107ec63be835a6e28c46ca758e4236846fc0a9be1189e4d58122101b7c9b4384ed009f88d68
b1522ad58a1122b1ebc42802b743b071c6d8b935999011767797ee7b14fa8805970d239a0ca4739cd968d8f1515922f8820734718e116db9d0d3989d0cf143e1
3a1471010f5a6e49fdb9c5ddab45b4931951b1c556b3ebabbfcc2e33181f55549fc9f430efd4f37cafd6cefd2b00159bb85ebd57ebd5727f0a8046231869ca45
f7e9779a9dae9f6135507a69f1ddad77ab6503aff9af6e706efbf267e01528f5ef6de0fbfd00a268e01528c5fb1b78cfab5702cfc02b508aaf6de0eba576d7ab
1b78050a29898f36d025bf560d96a3cd211346f7acf0a6eff5eb95ccf90a05b3219f5db28b098bc5b6b916a1072ce903400229122476c46286276804f3384094
1c26c4d927d31026de0cc58c4373a952ea97aaf05ffe3c75a522827630d2ac252f60c2379a241f878f1232132df773f0ea6a90b357af4e9fbc3c7df2fbe9d3a7
a74f7ecdfa56ae0cbb3d144f75bb373f7df3cff32f9dbf7ffbf1cdb36fd3aed7f15cc7bffee5abd77ffcf936f730e25528cebe7bf1fae58bb3efbffeebe76716
efed041deaf0218930776ee213e70e8b608016fef830b998c5304444b768c7538e62247bb1f8ef89d040df5c208a2cb80e36e3782f01a9b101afcf1f18840761
3217c4e2f1461819c003c6688725d628dc907d69611ecee3a9bdf364aee3ee20746ceb3b40b191e5de7c061a4b6c2e83101b346f53140b34c531168e7cc68e30
b68cee3e21465c0fc828619c4d84739f381d44ac211992436336ad8cf648047959d80842be8dd81cdc733a8cda46ddc5c72612d606a216f2434c8d305e477381
229bcb218aa81ef07d24421bc9c12219e9b81e1790e929a6cce98d31e7369b5b098c574bfa0d90197bda0fe8223291892047369ffb88311dd965474188a2990d
3b2071a8633fe347304591739b091bfc80992b44de431e50bc35ddf70836d27dbe1adc0585d529ad26887c324f2cb9bc8e99317f070b3a4158490d140043d723
129f2bf26bf2eeff77f20e227af6c373cb88de8fa4db1d1bf9b8a098b713625d4d7b6b12be0db72edc014bc6e4c3d7ed2e9ac7b7312c95cde2f551b63fcab6fb
bf97ed6debf9fd8bf54a9f41bae5b635ddaeabcd7bb475ef3e21940ec482e27daeb6ef1caad2b80f8dd24ebdb9e2fc5d6e16c2a55cc9d081819b2648d9380913
5f10110e4234833d7ed9954ea63c733de5ce8c71d8faab66ab6f89a7f3e8808dd357d67259be9ea6e2c19158b597fcbc1d5e37448aaed557af61b97bc576aa5e
979704a4ed4548689d9924aa1612f565a30c927a3987a05948a891bd17164d0b8b8674bf4cd5060ba0966705b64d0e6cb65aaeef810918c15b15a2782cf394a6
7a995d95ccf799e96dc1346600ec2196336095e9a6e4ba75787274e9547b874c1b24b4e96692509151358c8708becaa80f2a590ab305b111e5158d8be6bab94a
a9414f8662b91a5634ea8db705e3b2b906bb756da0b1ae1434764e5a6eadeac39419a159cb9dc0ab3f5c4633983b5c6e77119dc217b49148d2057f196599255c
74110fd3802bd149d5202202270e2551cb95c3cf67038d9586286ee50a08c2074bae09b2f2a19183a49b49c693091e093ded5a8b8c747a0b0a9fae02eb53657e
79b0b4647348f7201c9f3887749edc4130c5fc7a5906704c387c012aa7d11c13f8a4990bd96afead15a64c76f56f8a6a0ea5ed88ce429455145dcc53b892f29c
8ebacb63a0dd656386806a21c90ae1e15416583da84635cdab46ca616bd53ddf48464e13cd55cd345445564dbb981a3d2ccbc05a2c2f57e43556cb1043b9d42b
7c2addeb92db5c6addda3e21af1210f03c7e96aafb0e0541a3b6eacca026196fcab0d4ecacd5ac1dcb019e43ed5d8a84567c6a4bb76b71cb6b84b53b68bc54e5
07bbf5590b4d93e5be52455a9d7ee8c713ecf0018847173e04cfa9e02a9570f89020d8100d54b54c650396c843912d0db872e60969b98f4a7edb0b2a7e502835
fc5ec1ab7aa542c36f570b6ddfaf967b7eb9d4ed541e4361116154f6d393973e7c86a28becfc45b56f9cc144cb2f6d57462c2a3275b65254c4d5194cb9629cc1
a4e729ce501eb1b80e01d17954abf49bd566a7566856dbfd82d7ed340acda0d629746b41bddbef067ea3d97fec3ac70aecb5ab8157eb350ab5721014bc5a49d2
6f340b75af52697bf576a3e7b51f67db1818792a1f592c20bc8ad7eebf000000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700
00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0ad
d40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b
284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f16
5dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c0200001300000000
000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b000000
00000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c00000000000000000000
000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100d6d8be34da060000911a000016
00000000000000000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b
0100002700000000000000000000000000e40900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000df0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax371\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e50000000000000000000000006048
e959320ed201feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}